Add "feedback" attribute to pl-multiple-choice (#4656)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements.md

Attribute | Type | Default | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
`correct` | boolean | false | Is this a correct answer to the question?

> `hint` | string | special | Text to be displayed next to submitted answer after question is graded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`hint` | string | — | Helper text to be displayed to the student next to the option after question is graded if this option has been selected by the student.
```

Attribute | Type | Default | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
`correct` | boolean | false | Is this a correct answer to the question?

> `feedback` | string | — | Helper text to be displayed to the student next to the option after question is graded if this option has been selected by the student.

Reviewer 2: The feedback is actually HTML, I think? That is, we template it in with triple-braces. Maybe clarify that here?
```suggestion
`feedback` | string | — | Helper text (HTML) to be displayed to the student next to the option after question is graded if this option has been selected by the student.
```

Reviewer 2: What happens if the feedback is very long? Does it look horrible? I wonder whether we should add an option like `show-feedback-at-end` to put the feedback after the multiple choice element? Maybe I'm overthinking this, however.

Author: Here's what a long hint looks like:
<img width="683" alt="Screen Shot 2021-08-30 at 8 43 49 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68084820/131438500-eb21d15c-9b9c-4395-9575-0b31c6cbf7ec.png">
For an example of how this looks on a smaller screen, see https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/4656#issuecomment-898783046

Reviewer 2: Ok, that's kind of horrible but at least you can still read it 😄 --- I'm fine with this.
